Is there by way of advice,
was funding in your own journey, helpful unhelpful,
like, is there a right time to get funding, venture funding, venture funding,
or any, anything borrow some money from your parents? I don't know, but any,
like is money get in the way? Does it help? Is the timing important?
Is there some kind of wisdom you can give there because you were exceptionally
successful very quickly.
Funding helps as long as it's from the right people that includes yourself.
And I'll talk about myself, funding myself in, in a second, which is like,
because I can fund myself doing whatever projects I can do.
I don't really have another person putting pressure on me except for myself.
And that creates strange dynamics. Right?
But let's like talk about people getting funding from a venture capitalist.
Initially, uh, we raised money from Matt Kohler at benchmark. It's brilliant
guy, very thoughtful. Um, and he was very helpful early on,
but I have stories from entrepreneurs where they raise money from the wrong
person or the wrong firm where incentives weren't aligned.
They didn't think in the same way. Um, and bad things happened because of that.
The boardroom was always noisy. There were fights.
Like we just know ever had that. Matt was great.
I think use like capital these days is kind of a dime a dozen, right?
Like as long as you're fundable, like it seems like there's money out there is,
is what I'm hearing. Um,
it's really important to that you are aligned and that you think of raising
money as hiring someone for your team rather than taking money. I,
if capital is plentiful, right,
it provides a certain amount of pressure to do the right thing that I think is
healthy for any startup.
And it keeps you real and honest because they don't wanna lose their money.
They're paid to not lose their money. The problem, you know,
maybe I could depersonalize it, but like, I remember having lunch with Elon. Oh,
only happened once. And I asked him like,
I was trying to figure out what I was doing after Instagram. Right. Yeah.
And I asked him something about like angel investing and he looked at me with a
straight face and he was like, why the F would I do that? Like, why?
Like I was like, I don't know, like you're connected. Like seems like he's like,
I only invest in myself. I was like, whew. Okay. You know,
like not the confidence. I was just like, what a novel idea? It's like,
yeah. If you have money,
like why not just put it against your bag and like yeah.
Enable your visiting Mars or something. Right. Like, that's awesome.
Great. But I had never really thought of it that way.
But also with that comes an interesting dynamic where, um,
you don't actually have people who are gonna lose that money, telling you, Hey,
don't do this. Or, Hey, you need to face this reality.
So you need to create other versions of that truth teller mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And I, I, whatever I do next,
that's gonna be one of the interesting challenges is how do you create that
truth telling situation? Um, and that's part of why, by the way,
I think someone like Jack, when you start square, you have money, but you still,
you bring on partners because I think it creates truth telling type environment.
Um, I'm still trying to figure this out. Like I like, it's an interesting,
it's an interesting dynamic. So you're.
Thinking of perhaps launching some kind of venture where you're investing in.
Yourself. I mean,
is that in the books potentially I'm 37 going on 38 next month. Uh,
I have a long life to live. I'm not definitely not gonna sit on the meeting.
Right. So I'm gonna do something at some point.
And I gotta imagine I will, I will like help fund it. Right.
So the other way of thinking about this is you could park your money in the S
and P and this is bad, cuz the S and P's done wonderfully well last year, right.
Or you can invest in yourself and, um, if not gonna invest in yourself,
you probably shouldn't do a startup. It's kind of the way of thinking about it.
And you can invest in yourself in the way Elon does, which is basically, uh,
go all in on this investment.
<laugh> maybe that's one way to achieve accountability is like,
you're kind of screwed if you're.
If you fail, man. Yeah. That's yeah.
I, I per like that. I like burning bridges behind me so that I'm if it fails.
<Laugh> yeah. Yeah. Um, it's really important though. There,
one of the things I think mark said to me early on that, that sticks with me,
that I think is true. Uh, we were talking about people who had left,
like operating roles and started doing adventure or something. And he was like,
a lot of people convince themselves. They work really hard.
Like they think they work really hard and they,
they put on the show and in their minds, they work really hard,
but they don't work very hard. There is something about lighting,
a fire underneath you and burning bridges such that you can't turn back. Yeah.
That I think, you know, we didn't talk about this specifically,
but I think you're right there is you need to have that because
there's this self delusion at a certain scale. Oh, I have so many board calls.
Oh, like we have all these things to figure out. It's like, Hmm,
this is one of the hard parts about it being an operator. It's like,
there are so many people that have made a lot of money not,
but operating is just one of the hardest things on earth.
It is just so effing hard. <laugh> it is stressful. It is.
You're dealing with real humans.
You're not just like throwing capital in and hoping it grows.
I'm not undermining the VC mindset. I think it's a wonderful thing and needed.
And, and so many wonderful VCs I've worked with. But, um, yeah,
like when your S is on the line and it's your money, it's
talk to me in 10 years. We'll see how it goes. <laugh>.
Yeah. But like you were saying that as a source,
when you wake up in the morning as a,
and you look forward to the day full of challenges,
that's also where you can find happiness.